What's the matter with me?
Extraordinary, I came to you this time
I just want to apologize to you
I was wrong about everything before
I hope you can forgive me.
No need to apologize
I never paid attention to these things
If you have nothing else to do
I'll leave first
extraordinary
I know very well
Our engagement was not meant to travel
But I still hope we can be friends.
Yes, there will be a period later.
Now that your engagement is annulled
Then don't I have a chance
Qin Zhanshen, what do you mean by that?
Don't you understand what I mean?
I'm going after Mr. Wild
Qin Zhanshen, you
You want to chase Ye Feifan
Mr. Ye is a talented person
Is there anything wrong with me pursuing him?
No, no problem.
I've told you more than once
The dream in your heart is worthless before my eyes
Miss Shen, thank you for giving me Feifan
Otherwise
I haven't had a chance to get him yet.
Qin Zhanshen, although you are my idol
But this thing
You involve my unconcerned heart
I won't bother you with any inquiries.